The Joe Rogan experience. Um, wait, so what are, what,
what are we settling on for this month? Heroin. Heroin is that we're doing.
Everybody first time. I'm.
In, what are we doing?
Well, what we decided over the phone is one,
one edition is we have to read 500 pages and by read 500
pages, I think we made read, we don't mean audio book, right?
But I thought we were just doing these classes. Now we're doing the reading too.
That's great. We should.
The reading too. Yeah. Well, you didn't read more so 10 classes of something.
It can be hot yoga. It could be jujitsu.
It can be spin hot, spins some classes.
Some hip hop dance.
About the pop dance.
By the way, by the way,
how great would have hip hop dance been now that you saw the video?
We should have done that.
That was a.
Great video. I knew what you were going to do. You're going to take your.
Clothes off. That hip hop dance video was great.
I also danced.
Dancing was okay. Maybe.
I'm so shocked that.
I was so angry. I got so upset that people complimented them.
America's got talent reached out to me. Jesus Christ.
Do you see, consider the bro? Do.
They go? Do you consider yourself more of a comedian or a dancer?
Do you not have a Google search engine on your.
I didn't want to bother with that.
They're monsters or they reach out on Facebook.
On, on, uh, they emailed me.
They probably have a million hyenas out there, rummaging the nation,
trying to find people with any kind of town so they can keep that monster alive.
Yeah.
The wait, the other thing is we didn't, we agree that within these classes,
they don't necessarily have to be a physical strain.
It's like a class of anything. That's some class that's new.
Um, and I were talking about taking tactical gun lessons. That'd be great.
But I'm saying that's not a workout, but it's still like a class.
One class. Are we better off with it than without them sword.
Fights this year? It's more about bettering ourselves.
One of the things that I think we agreed to and your wife actually reached out
to me about, apparently her and Leanne are gonna get together and do like a,
a pod. They're doing a.
Podcast.
For the month. Yeah, because last year it was insane. Look, I gave your.
Wife good ammunition. And the first.
Episode and the wives, Hey.
Mine did not. Well, she didn't like seeing that part of me either the like it.
Yeah, mine too. She was like, your body looks better, but so boring. Yeah. But.
Again, the live.
And when she found out that I got roof a roofie because of sober October. Yeah.
She's was, she was so she'll never speak to RD again. Justifiably.
What? Me? Yeah.
Yeah. Ari. You're the.
One she'll never speak to Ari again. No, our daughter.
Has never allowed in our house. It's so bad. I,
and that's what was sucked is I had to take of both of them.
Like I had to take care of Ari and take care of Leanne. I think she's.
Great. Whoa. She doesn't like you, bro. I think she's.
Great. This has been a great moms where kids with.
That's cool. I like how you look at that. Wonderful.
You see the bright side of things, even when people hate.
It was awesome. Always had your back. I think she's great. I think it was great.
And her temporary anger at me is not going to make me stop liking her so much.
Oh.
Oh wait, wait before I forget. Yeah. So within the 10 classes, yeah.
You can't do more than how many of one class three, right?
You can do one class three times.
So you could technically do my classes three times. Why does that matter?
So you can mix it up a little bit.
So you don't just do one thing over and over again.
You don't just do spin class every day and be done with it.
As long as you can do something. I mean, but a little bit,
like if you're doing jujitsu, like say, if you decide to do jujitsu,
you learn it. There's nothing wrong with doing six of them.
Like that's how you get better.
Or because if you do decide to do it and you get into it,
you're going to have to do more than one a week.
To easy to do the same and not challenge yourself. Hm.
Says you. Yeah. Interesting. How you just making the rules up? Well, it seems.
To.
Think about that. Does that make sense to you? Don't only be.
Like that against our will kind of like he's slipping a drug to us. Doesn't it?
I think that if we,
I think there should be one other element to it is that you, because there's,
there's always been like this physical element to the whole month. Yeah.
You should do something on your own that you don't talk about till it's over
that you're doing to challenge yourself like the.
Crucible on it to.
Like you and it's not. Yeah. Like for instance,
I'm not following, like for instance, you, uh,
like you like to run the Hills, right? So let's say, let's just say you go,
I run it once a week. I run it every Sunday or something.
So for the month you challenge yourself on your own to do it twice a week.
And at November 1st, you're like, I took these classes,
I read these books and I ran my Hills twice a week. Or like, you know, you go,
I want to, you know, I do a hundred pushups a day. What,
however you want to do it that way. There's a 50, that way.
There's like some other physical element of, you know,
wellness throughout the month.
Okay. You want me to challenge yourself to that? I'm like,
I think I can do this.
Coming back with.
Basically.
Yeah. Kind of like lent when you give up something they do to.
That's. Right.
So you would just actually have four things to do if you could only do three
no more than three of each one. So there has to be for individual things.
That's right. Yeah. Yeah. I mean four things,
four things total. Right? Cause you could do.
Because you could do yoga, you could do spin. You could do jujitsu.
You could do kickboxing. You could do. Yeah. CrossFit.
I got to do four separate things. Tactical,
tactical gun training yet I have a gun and I haven't even put bullets in it.
I really don't want to say that. Now say I'm a awesome shot.
My uncle dress is.
Yeah. Um, yeah. I liked this.
I liked the idea of mixing it up and I also liked the idea that we're not going
to go crazy. This is like something. See,
the thing about last year is like you open-ended. Yeah.
I mean I had 1100 points one day when you're doing 80% of your max heart rate
for a minute, you get one point I had 1100 points. That was a nuts day.
Finished.
At 11,000. It's that John wick bathhouse scene.
I watched that scene 50 times in a row and I just wanted to kill everybody.
Yeah. It wouldn't stop.
No, no, I know. But I also felt like I was yeah.
Mentally and physically breaking down throughout the month, you know.
I put also I was getting really into it. Yeah.
That's the thing that it actually, it feels like the soreness,
you would feel drained, but you would feel the cloud in your mind clear, right?
Yeah. You and I talked about the chatter. Yeah. Internal chatter gone.
Stress is stress is like, yeah, I didn't have nothing really bothered me.
It bothered me.
Like three hours.
And my wife back, I remember saying to my wife,
you could get this in a pill with this. Is this feeling of not giving a,
like really not giving a because generally I don't give a about things. But man,
when I'm doing cardio for five hours a day, you don't give a.
You really don't.
You don't get bothered by things by anything. And the stresses of life.
Just really start.
To lose any weight though.
Yeah. You don't have any weight to lose.
I thought I was going to get, I am obese.
I thought I was going to get at least some weight loss because of it.
I didn't lose a pan.
What's your body fat. It's gotta be like what? 7%.
It's probably around 10, but somewhere around 10. That's just.
Cutting water to.
Then I was drinking all the water, but I was eating everything too.
But I think I might've even gained a pound. Yeah.
I thought I was muscle. Not going to, like,
I was like watching what I ate as the week, as the months started.
And then when it w when I saw how competitive it was going and like how crazy it
started to be like six and seven days of working out, it was anything in sight.
And I was never full.
Never. I was eating boxes of cookies. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
In between workouts just kept eating,
ate a giant box of vanilla wafers ate the whole box. Just shoved them down.
My fat hole, drank soda, like regular soda, which I never drank.
I always drink diet Coke.
November was back. Cause I was eating like that, but still working out.
And then I just kept it in like that and stop working out.
And then what happened to me?
Yeah. You got shredded for a dude. Yeah.
They told me at that gym. Yeah. That was that body for a little bit.
[inaudible] uh, they told me they were like, every time somebody blows out,
cause we hit, you. Remember they had the point thing at my gym.
Like every time everyone, like, like the next month, there's such a dip.
And they're like, they're like,
and then you broke that record for like the highest total.
And then the biggest dip ever. I was like, this.
I was written November, dude. How long.
Did you guys keep using the [inaudible] thing?
Just to see what it was like brought back like anxiety.
Oh yeah. It makes you anxious. I used it for awhile and then I would not use,
then I would take it again. And then recently I lost it and they were like, oh,
you know, find it. I go, I don't want to find it. Yeah. Like I don't want it.
And then I did find it. And I was like,
I'm not putting it on the sound mind when I moved. And I was like,
I'm going to tell you, touch it, you touch it, put, throw it away. It's like.
A, like the thing they found the extra system when they brought it back home.
Wherever report though.
It has given you heart rate variability.
It's also telling you how much you've recovered,
which I think is very important.